one way or another the password on late
September hey I'm Peter by the way dr.
strange Oh
using your made-up names then I am
spider-man you're strong but I could
snap my finger and it all cease to exist
I'm torrid time to see all the possible
outcomes
did we win anything
it's a small price to pay
to salvation
let's talk about this plan dears I think
it's good except it sucks so let me do
the plan and that way it might be really
good
Wow
how's this dude still alive he's not a
dude
neuro dude this this is a man my
handsome muscular lad I'm less car here
we're on the set of Avengers I've been
lucky enough along with other guardians
of the galaxy to join up with the
Avengers and be here and get an
opportunity to save the world this is my
Choong Avenger now as well I don't know
maybe like a third string of injury yeah
I was one of the founding members yeah
thank you
he's huge you know out of all the people
that I've had the good fortune to work
with these two particular guys and the
triumvirate that we formed together
it's very special friendship and decade
class of time together
yeah it's been this witnessing of like
people's lives growing and changing it's
been a really cool experience working
with Lizzy has been really really
awesome and I think there is something
very powerful about being able to play
women who do heroic things and those
women are so awesome so we've had a
really good time
hanging out with everyone on the set is
one of the best parts of this job
actually because it does have this kind
of large extended family feel I had a
bit of a bucket is someone worth
practice I thought he'd be good fun I'm
proven completely wrong in that front he
was odd Lluis and boring and not
particularly funny well at first Blanche
it's hard to know what to make a
Cumberbatch and then the more time I
spent with him on and off set I just
kind of infatuated with this guy I was
thinking you know the journey that
Robert Downey jr. is made he's the
Godfather of all this is literally been
the adventure of a lifetime I get a
little misty thinking about it so you
know I lucked out
[Music]